docs: Review index and basics (#1549)
recognai/rubrix: docs/index.rst

   contain the root `toctree` directive.

Rubrix documentation
====================

> `Rubrix <https://rubrix.ml>`_ is a **production-ready Python framework for exploring, annotating, and managing data** in NLP projects.

Author: ```suggestion
`Rubrix <https://rubrix.ml>`_ is a **production-ready framework for building and improving datasets** for NLP projects.
```

- **Beyond hand-labeling**: Classical hand labeling workflows are costly and inefficient, but having humans-in-the-loop is essential. Easily combine hand-labeling with active learning, bulk-labeling, zero-shot models, and weak-supervision in **novel data annotation workflows**.

Quickstart
----------

Getting started with Rubrix is easy, let's see a quick example using the 🤗 ``transformers`` and ``datasets`` libraries:

.. code-block:: bash

>    pip install "rubrix[server]==0.14.0" "transformers[torch]" datasets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   pip install "rubrix[server]" "transformers[torch]" datasets
```

   guides/monitoring
   guides/metrics
   guides/datasets
   guides/queries

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 3
   :caption: Tutorials
   :hidden:

   tutorials/01-labeling-finetuning
   tutorials/weak-supervision-with-rubrix
   tutorials/02-spacy
   tutorials/05-active_learning
   tutorials/find_label_errors
   tutorials/07-zeroshot_ner
   tutorials/08-error_analysis_using_loss
   tutorials/09-automatic_fastapi_log
   tutorials/skweak

>    tutorials/weak-supervision-multi-label

Reviewer: Is this section updated? I have the impression that this structure is the old one.

Author: might be :-D I'll check this out

Author: Should be fixed
